fix(method.paramStructure): add spec detailing by-name role of content descriptor name (#277)
open-rpc/spec: spec.md

<a name="method-servers"></a>servers | [[Server Object](#server-object)] | An alternative `servers` array to service this method. If an alternative `servers` array is specified at the Root level, it will be overridden by this value.
<a name="method-errors"></a>errors | [[Error Object](#error-object) \| [Reference Object](#reference-object)] | A list of custom application defined errors that MAY be returned. The Errors MUST have unique error codes.
<a name="method-links"></a>links | [[Link Object](#link-object) \| [Reference Object](#reference-object)] | A list of possible links from this method call.

> <a name="method-param-structure"></a>paramStructure | `"by-name"` \| `"by-position"` \| `"either"` | The expected format of the parameters. [As per the JSON-RPC 2.0 specification](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#parameter_structures), params may be either an array, an object, or either. Defaults to `"by-position"`. | In the case of `by-name`, parameter name values (_ie_ keys) SHALL be assigned by the [`name`](#content-descriptor-name) value of the [Content Descriptor Object](#content-descriptor-object).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a name="method-param-structure"></a>paramStructure | `"by-name"` \| `"by-position"` \| `"either"` | The expected format of the parameters. [As per the JSON-RPC 2.0 specification](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#parameter_structures), params may be an array, an object, or either. Defaults to `"by-position"`. | In the case of `by-name`, parameter name values (_ie_ keys) SHALL be assigned by the [`name`](#content-descriptor-name) value of the [Content Descriptor Object](#content-descriptor-object).
```

Reviewer: also, the addition `|` is not necessary here

Reviewer: Default value should be the last item in the paragraph.

> <a name="method-param-structure"></a>paramStructure | `"by-name"` \| `"by-position"` \| `"either"` | The expected format of the parameters. [As per the JSON-RPC 2.0 specification](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#parameter_structures), params may be either an array, an object, or either. Defaults to `"by-position"`. | In the case of `by-name`, parameter name values (_ie_ keys) SHALL be assigned by the [`name`](#content-descriptor-name) value of the [Content Descriptor Object](#content-descriptor-object).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a name="method-param-structure"></a>paramStructure | `"by-name"` \| `"by-position"` \| `"either"` | The expected format of the parameters. [As per the JSON-RPC 2.0 specification](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#parameter_structures), params may be either an array, an object, or either. Defaults to `"by-position"`. | When a methods `paramStructure` is `by-name` (or either `either`), caller of the method send a [JSON-RPC request object](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#request_object) whose param field SHOULD be an object. The object MUST use key names as is defined by the corresponding [`contentDescriptor.name`](#content-descriptor-name) values within the [methods params](#method-params).
```

> <a name="method-param-structure"></a>paramStructure | `"by-name"` \| `"by-position"` \| `"either"` | The expected format of the parameters. [As per the JSON-RPC 2.0 specification](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#parameter_structures), the params of a [JSON-RPC request object](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#request_object) may be an array (`by-position`), an object (`by-name`), or either (`either`). When a method has a `paramStructure` value of `by-name`, callers of the method MUST send a [JSON-RPC request object](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#request_object) whose `params` field is an object. Further, the key names of the `params` object MUST be the same as the [`contentDescriptor.name`](#content-descriptor-name)s for the given method. Defaults to `"either"`.

Reviewer 2: "...array (by-position), an object (by-name), or either (either)" The either (either) is kind of confusing to read. Maybe remove the first either and the brackets and just have the highlighted `either`. I understand the convention, but theres probably a better way to write it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a name="method-param-structure"></a>paramStructure | `"by-name"` \| `"by-position"` \| `"either"` | The expected format of the parameters. [As per the JSON-RPC 2.0 specification](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#parameter_structures), the params of a [JSON-RPC request object](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#request_object) may be an array, object or either (represented as `by-position`,`by-name` and `either` respectively). When a method has a `paramStructure` value of `by-name`, callers of the method MUST send a [JSON-RPC request object](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#request_object) whose `params` field is an object. Further, the key names of the `params` object MUST be the same as the [`contentDescriptor.name`](#content-descriptor-name)s for the given method. Defaults to `"either"`.
```

> <a name="method-param-structure"></a>paramStructure | `"by-name"` \| `"by-position"` \| `"either"` | The expected format of the parameters. [As per the JSON-RPC 2.0 specification](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#parameter_structures), the params of a [JSON-RPC request object](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#request_object) may be an array (`by-position`), an object (`by-name`), or either (`either`). When a method has a `paramStructure` value of `by-name`, callers of the method MUST send a [JSON-RPC request object](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#request_object) whose `param` field is an object. Further, the key names of the `params` object MUST be the same as the [`contentDescriptor.name`](#content-descriptor-name)s for the given method. Defaults to `"by-position"`.

Author: ```suggestion
<a name="method-param-structure"></a>paramStructure | `"by-name"` \| `"by-position"` \| `"either"` | The expected format of the parameters. [As per the JSON-RPC 2.0 specification](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#parameter_structures), the params of a [JSON-RPC request object](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#request_object) may be an array (`by-position`), an object (`by-name`), or either (`either`). When a method has a `paramStructure` value of `by-name`, callers of the method MUST send a [JSON-RPC request object](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#request_object) whose `params` field is an object. Further, the key names of the `params` object MUST be the same as the [`contentDescriptor.name`](#content-descriptor-name)s for the given method. Defaults to `"by-position"`.
```

> <a name="method-param-structure"></a>paramStructure | `"by-name"` \| `"by-position"` \| `"either"` | The expected format of the parameters. [As per the JSON-RPC 2.0 specification](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#parameter_structures), the params of a [JSON-RPC request object](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#request_object) may be an array (`by-position`), an object (`by-name`), or either (`either`). When a method has a `paramStructure` value of `by-name`, callers of the method MUST send a [JSON-RPC request object](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#request_object) whose `params` field is an object. Further, the key names of the `params` object MUST be the same as the [`contentDescriptor.name`](#content-descriptor-name)s for the given method. Defaults to `"by-position"`.

Author: ```suggestion
<a name="method-param-structure"></a>paramStructure | `"by-name"` \| `"by-position"` \| `"either"` | The expected format of the parameters. [As per the JSON-RPC 2.0 specification](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#parameter_structures), the params of a [JSON-RPC request object](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#request_object) may be an array (`by-position`), an object (`by-name`), or either (`either`). The `params` field of a method with a `paramStructure` value of `by-name` MUST be an object, and MUST be an array in the case of `by-position`. The key or keys of a `params` object MUST be identical to its respective [`contentDescriptor.name`](#content-descriptor-name)s. Defaults to `"by-position"`.
```

> <a name="method-param-structure"></a>paramStructure | `"by-name"` \| `"by-position"` \| `"either"` | The expected format of the parameters. [As per the JSON-RPC 2.0 specification](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#parameter_structures), the params of a [JSON-RPC request object](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#request_object) may be an array, object or either (represented as `by-position`,`by-name` and `either` respectively). When a method has a `paramStructure` value of `by-name`, callers of the method MUST send a [JSON-RPC request object](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#request_object) whose `params` field is an object. Further, the key names of the `params` object MUST be the same as the [`contentDescriptor.name`](#content-descriptor-name)s for the given method. Defaults to `"either"`.

Author: ```suggestion
<a name="method-param-structure"></a>paramStructure | `"by-name"` \| `"by-position"` \| `"either"` | The expected format of the parameters. [As per the JSON-RPC 2.0 specification](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#parameter_structures), the params of a [JSON-RPC request object](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#request_object) may be an array, object, or either (represented as `by-position`,`by-name` and `either` respectively). When a method has a `paramStructure` value of `by-name`, callers of the method MUST send a [JSON-RPC request object](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#request_object) whose `params` field is an object. Further, the key names of the `params` object MUST be the same as the [`contentDescriptor.name`](#content-descriptor-name)s for the given method. Defaults to `"either"`.
```

Author: I want an Oxford comma here. This is my stand. I will not retreat from it. I will not compromise.

Author: s/may be an array, object or either/may be an array, object, or either/

> <a name="method-param-structure"></a>paramStructure | `"by-name"` \| `"by-position"` \| `"either"` | The expected format of the parameters. [As per the JSON-RPC 2.0 specification](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#parameter_structures), the params of a [JSON-RPC request object](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#request_object) may be an array, object or either (represented as `by-position`,`by-name` and `either` respectively). When a method has a `paramStructure` value of `by-name`, callers of the method MUST send a [JSON-RPC request object](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#request_object) whose `params` field is an object. Further, the key names of the `params` object MUST be the same as the [`contentDescriptor.name`](#content-descriptor-name)s for the given method. Defaults to `"either"`.

Author: ```suggestion
<a name="method-param-structure"></a>paramStructure | `"by-name"` \| `"by-position"` \| `"either"` | The expected format of the parameters. [As per the JSON-RPC 2.0 specification](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#parameter_structures), the params of a [JSON-RPC request object](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#request_object) may be an array, object or either (represented as `by-position`,`by-name`, and `either` respectively). When a method has a `paramStructure` value of `by-name`, callers of the method MUST send a [JSON-RPC request object](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#request_object) whose `params` field is an object. Further, the key names of the `params` object MUST be the same as the [`contentDescriptor.name`](#content-descriptor-name)s for the given method. Defaults to `"either"`.
```

Found another Oxfordian near-miss.

> <a name="method-param-structure"></a>paramStructure | `"by-name"` \| `"by-position"` \| `"either"` | The expected format of the parameters. [As per the JSON-RPC 2.0 specification](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#parameter_structures), the params of a [JSON-RPC request object](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#request_object) may be an array, object, or either (represented as `by-position`,`by-name` and `either` respectively). When a method has a `paramStructure` value of `by-name`, callers of the method MUST send a [JSON-RPC request object](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#request_object) whose `params` field is an object. Further, the key names of the `params` object MUST be the same as the [`contentDescriptor.name`](#content-descriptor-name)s for the given method. Defaults to `"either"`.

Author: ```suggestion
<a name="method-param-structure"></a>paramStructure | `"by-name"` \| `"by-position"` \| `"either"` | The expected format of the parameters. [As per the JSON-RPC 2.0 specification](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#parameter_structures), the params of a [JSON-RPC request object](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#request_object) may be an array, object, or either (represented as `by-position`,`by-name`, and `either` respectively). When a method has a `paramStructure` value of `by-name`, callers of the method MUST send a [JSON-RPC request object](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#request_object) whose `params` field is an object. Further, the key names of the `params` object MUST be the same as the [`contentDescriptor.name`](#content-descriptor-name)s for the given method. Defaults to `"either"`.
```

> <a name="method-param-structure"></a>paramStructure | `"by-name"` \| `"by-position"` \| `"either"` | The expected format of the parameters. [As per the JSON-RPC 2.0 specification](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#parameter_structures), the params of a [JSON-RPC request object](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#request_object) may be an array, object, or either (represented as `by-position`,`by-name`, and `either` respectively). When a method has a `paramStructure` value of `by-name`, callers of the method MUST send a [JSON-RPC request object](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#request_object) whose `params` field is an object. Further, the key names of the `params` object MUST be the same as the [`contentDescriptor.name`](#content-descriptor-name)s for the given method. Defaults to `"either"`.

Author: ```suggestion
<a name="method-param-structure"></a>paramStructure | `"by-name"` \| `"by-position"` \| `"either"` | The expected format of the parameters. [As per the JSON-RPC 2.0 specification](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#parameter_structures), the params of a [JSON-RPC request object](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#request_object) may be an array, object, or either (represented as `by-position`, `by-name`, and `either` respectively). When a method has a `paramStructure` value of `by-name`, callers of the method MUST send a [JSON-RPC request object](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#request_object) whose `params` field is an object. Further, the key names of the `params` object MUST be the same as the [`contentDescriptor.name`](#content-descriptor-name)s for the given method. Defaults to `"either"`.
```
